# CS-300-DSA-Analysis-and-Design

This portfolio showcases the work that I have done in my Analysis and Design course for Southern New Hampshire University. We were tasked with learning about algorithms and search functions in C++. We also created programs to perform setting up data structures, reading and parsing information from a Comma Separated Value (CSV) file, and displaying the results of this work. We also learned to analyze runtimes of different algorithms for searching through different data structures, such as Hash tables, Binary Trees, and Vectors. By learning how to manipulate these data structures, we learned about some of the work involved in building and maintaining databases, and also learned about code efficiency and balancing speed over ease of use and maintainability for the user.
While doing the research and creating these programs, I encountered several roadblocks. I have found the best way to overcome those roadblocks is to use the internet. I searched YouTube for videos explaining the different structures, consulted Stack Overflow for answers to specific questions, and used Google Search to find answers. Overall, I believe that having to search for those answers instead of just having them laid out for us made for a better understanding of the coursework.
As far as the future is concerned, I believe the knowlege I gained from this course will be beneficial for my career. I have learned how to structure my code, commenting the code for understanding, and modularity of code. All these are skills that experienced programmers use on a daily basis. I have learned to use structs and modular functions to make the code easier to update as well. I had thought that the main function of a program should contain the majority of the code, and learned that having the main essentially be for function calls makes the code much more maintainable, adaptable, and readable. This will completely change the way I code in the future.
